# module-eight-CS360
Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important The and what did it reveal?
Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?

The app designed to address the mobile application needs that understand authenication security. Notifications SMS for text views username and passwords. The screens is the home screen with the forget passwords and get the features that will make the app easier. To support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app. The UI designs keep users in mind by using authenication for security and user friendly option. The designs were successful. I approach the process of coding by understanding the goals of the user and application. The techniques were understanding the code and the strategies were going section by section. It could be applied in the future by allowing the user easy access. I test the functionality by creating a requirement document. The proccess is important and it reveals if the application can work. The app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, were I have to innovate or overcome a challegene is making sure I understand the assignment. The specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience is functionalit being able to give the user a unique and good exprience. 
